Ryan is the summer heat starting to get
to you well if so then you probably have
been cranking up the AC around the house
but that can actually hurt your electric
bill so what can you do to stay cool and
still keep those payments down joining
us this morning is none other than
savings angel josh elledge always great
to see you thanks for coming in all
right so let's talk first about that
thermostat because I think there's a lot
of confusion about setting the thermos I
think most people believe look I just
set my thermostat at 78 I never touch it
and that's going to save me money but
not true right oh absolutely not no you
there's you want to get very good at
understanding your own habits and
matching the thermostat to match that
because every degree that you change it
below 78 degrees can influence can
adjust your overall bill by six to eight
percent Wow yeah and so if you're going
to be away from the home for example we
talked about programming and thermostats
and seeing if you can get away with
adjusting a degree or two higher right
when you're away from home you need to
just turn that bad boy off turn it to 85
and when you leave the house for more
than four hours the reason why is
because air is so it's it's it's not
dense and so you can change the
temperature of air very quickly and so
ideally what you want to do is just turn
it off during the day when you're gone
you know set it so that when you come
home at five o'clock it's going to start
cooling down the house so that at 5:30
when you come in it should be nice and
cool what happens if you try and keep it
cool throughout the day and there are a
lot of people that do guys thinking that
it's more economical to do it it's
complete myth and so because what is
happening throughout the day is you're
constantly removing house full of air
conditioning because the the the bigger
the difference between the inside and
the outside of your home
temperature-wise
air conditioning just has to work much
harder to maintain that difference and
so as the difference is smaller Daisy
doesn't have to work as hard all right
that makes sense all right let's get to
number two use your ceiling fans yes a
ceiling fan can make the temperature
feel six to eight degrees cooler in the
room now it doesn't actually change the
temperature so when you leave a room
there's no sense in keeping the fan
going but here's the thing with a
ceiling
if the ceiling fan take a look at how
it's blowing if it's just sucking the
air up it doesn't do you any good in the
summer it's just it's a waste of
electricity what you want is you want
the air-conditioning fans to be blowing
down my fans are so economical they cost
about a penny an hour to run you could
run 40 ceiling fans at the same cost it
runs to that it costs to run one central
air conditioning you know you use them
don't yell not and the make sure that
it's blowing down all you want it to be
doing is blowing that warm air away from
your body that's what a fan should be
doing in the summer with 30 seconds next
we have replaced the filters every month
don't try and get more mileage out of
your filters during the summer hi you
season you're just going to dirty those
filters up much more frequently and so
you should be checking them often and
replacing them at least once every 30
days if you don't you're really just
adding those dollars to what you're
going to have to pay to work through
that dirty filter all right close the
shades close the vents and this last one
I just want to get a real quick use
water yeah you know it you know often
times if you're uncomfortable sometimes
just you know going in the shower for a
minute I splashing water on your face is
all that it really takes to cool
yourself down rather than go baby baby
baby I own you lower the air
conditioning you know five degrees to
try and compensate
josh elledge savingsangel.com great to
see you thank you so much and we're
going to take a quick break we'll be
right back
spending some time shopping today are
you looking to save money you're in the
right place as always josh elledge is
back with us the savings angel here with
some details on the biggest deals in
stores this week and you've got some
good wins today a lot of stuff here that
I would use you know and a lot of stuff
here that's free or next to free which I
really like too we'll start off with
this great deal with Publix you can get
pasta for 15 cents a box this week yes
here's how to do it it's a buy one get
one sale it's going to make the price 70
cents a box there are 55 cent coupons
for this Barilla P Collini pasta so the
70 cents - the 55 cents mean you only
spend 15 cents a box oh my gosh I would
started have a whole cupboard full of
that you can and it's a great pantry
item - it'll last ever and it's a great
item to donate - even if you don't like
P Collini I am donate that's a good
stuff cheat little bow ties yeah the
next item this is at CVS just walk in no
coupon needed free multi-purpose
solution oh wow what the way that it
works is it's normally $10 okay it's on
sale and then they're going to give you
extra care dollars extra care bucks okay
at the register which means you can use
it on a future transaction now you pay
that future transaction could be the
very next one so you'll have eight
dollars you can spend in the future but
in essence you're getting this for free
that's a contact lens wearers fantastic
deal okay got to clean our hair right
uh-huh yep and this is the seven dollar
shampoo you know I took I have these
grades of shampoo there's like the
dollar store shampoo then there's the $5
stuff then there's this $7 something
yeah you know then there's the crazy
stuff seven this is the seven dollar
shampoo Don sell for six dollars they're
going to give you four dollars back at
the register again this is at this one's
at Walgreens and also there's a one
dollar coupon right there
now see we keep moving it around a one
dollar coupon all told you're going to
get the seven dollar shampoo for 99
cents it's like the cheapo shampoos for
last dollar store prices for the for the
top shelf shampoo love it our youth
person I've heard you say many times
Josh don't k4 toothbrush yes don't pay
for don't pay for toothbrushes
toothpaste and razors I mean there's
just a just a lot of these you know x
you know taking care
don't pay for these things okay
including toothbrushes again very easy
stroll into a Walgreens get the free
toothbrushes - they are on sale for two
dollars and give you two dollars back at
the register use it on a future
transaction get your preteen brushes
finally a money maker we're going to get
free money there is a one dollar coupon
you can print right now you can actually
go to my Fox Orlando okay you click on
deal the day right and then there's a
link that says savings you click on that
we've got these all linked up for you
print this coupon out bring it into
Walgreens using gels yep talk to him and
get the free teething jail if you bring
in the one dollar coupon you'll actually
make a one dollar profit because they
give you your money back but you've only
spent one dollar - of what the actual
price is I actually think this that my
spend dollars you get five dollars back
ached okay and you can have that one
okay yeah my baby thanks you he will
enjoy using this alright good good to
know alright great deals thank you so
much Josh always great to have you David
angel dot-com Michelle